chore: improve Angular contribution guidelines (#8043)
swisspost/design-system: packages/components-angular/CONTRIBUTING.md

   Replace `<previousVersion>` and `<targetVersion>` with the appropriate Angular major versions (e.g. `--from=21 --to=22`).

>    > **Note:** The `-r` flag runs the migration schematics recursively across **all** workspace packages that define a `ng` script in their `package.json`. If you only need to update this integration app, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Note:** The `-r` flag runs the migration schematics recursively across **all** workspace packages that define a `ng` script in their `package.json`. If you only need to update this components library, use:
```
